Tang Lu, um, you are back. There is a problem with your logic.
I'm not late. That's not what I meant
The client has been waiting for a long time
It's his business that he came early
What does it have to do with me?
Besides, the contract was not signed
He's a potential customer at best
Where did you get the commission?
He said except for you
He's not looking for anyone.
Who is it? You'll know it when you go there.
Make a fool of yourself
Liang Kexin
What's wrong with me?
Sorry I can't take your case
What do you mean?
I haven't said a word yet.
There you go.
Tell me why.
Because I have accepted Cui Yan's wife's commission agreement
I'm a vacant lawyer now
What's so fast?
I recommend Kirin Law Firm on the 21st floor to you.
Looking at the entire Xuancheng, only Kirin Law Firm can compete with our plan
Good luck!
Did Cui Yan find you?
How did he guess?
Excuse me?
It is inconvenient to disclose
It seems I guessed it right, I knew it was he who broke the news about us to his wife
So it is.
Thieves catch thieves
You, a well-known female star, are already involved in other people's marriages
How do you make so much sense?
Humph
Sorry.
It's not convenient for me to disclose
Ouch, Lawyer Tang has caught you. What's the matter? I'll give you 4 people.
Hey, let's talk about it first, you have to give me face no matter what
Hello Lawyer Tang
How are you